# AWS Artifact

AWS Artifact provides on-demand downloads of AWS security and compliance documents, such as AWS ISO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports. You can submit the security and compliance documents (also known as _audit artifacts_) to your auditors or regulators to demonstrate the security and compliance of the AWS infrastructure and services that you use. You can also use these documents as guidelines to evaluate your own cloud architecture and assess the effectiveness of your company's internal controls.

Additionally, AWS Artifact provides on-demand downloads of the security and compliance documents such as ISO certifications, and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports of the Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) who sell their products on AWS Marketplace. For more information, see [AWS Marketplace Vendor Insights](http://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/features/vendor-insights).

AWS customers are responsible for developing or obtaining documents that demonstrate the security and compliance of their companies. For more information, see [[Shared Responsibility Model]]: [LINK](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/).

You can also use AWS Artifact to review, accept, and track the status of AWS agreements such as the Business Associate Addendum (BAA). A BAA typically is required for companies that are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) to ensure that protected health information (PHI) is appropriately safeguarded. With AWS Artifact, you can accept agreements with AWS and designate AWS accounts that can legally process restricted information. You can accept an agreement on behalf of multiple accounts. To accept agreements for multiple accounts, use AWS [[AWS Organizations]] to create an organization.